hey guys it's map or clue okay um whoa
hey yeah so this is a colorful fruit for
game players 25 and two it's actually
relatively quick I things like 3-4 t
long which is not the fastest of game
plays ever but it's quite entertaining
so I hope you enjoy it I'll get some
nice shrieks in here actually um that I
think you'll like so yeah so I hope you
enjoy it we rolling in the background
there's always but yeah so I've had such
connection problems in the past few days
though I know I promised in the last
video that I'd be uploading the hell of
a lot more but I've had such connection
problems that I've been like playing
cool to do for about an hour in the past
week because as soon as I go on I just
I'd like out or it's basically in
playable and I wanna bring you a a
terrible video because obviously I can't
go on but I've been working really hard
on bringing you a new series that I've
organized which should be out the day
after you see this video and it's pretty
much a live com cirrage is really
interactive I feel and it's something I
haven't seen before there's a few new
ideas in there I mean it's basically
just you know something I'll enjoy doing
and hopefully you'll enjoy doing on
there on the way because it doesn't
bother you guys in a sense it's um it's
quote I think you'll enjoy it if not
then you know I've learned something and
I won't do it again but it's a live
comms which is completely new area to me
obviously I've been doing commentary for
a few months now which is I relatively
new to me still I've always been into
the clips and montages and stuff like
that but um yeah I definitely want to
get into that I mean I've been saving up
this whole summer to try and revamp my
setup I mean I need a new computer so I
can bring more videos to you and because
at the minute i'm on a good old four
year old laptop it was good back in the
day but nowadays it doesn't quite handle
what i need it to but you have been
saving up for that and then I turned 16
in a few months I'll be obviously 16
it'll be november the fifth so I've been
saving up for my hair dryer on wheels
AKA moped yeah so i can't wait to be
riding around on that
be a nice sense of freedom because where
i live like i've only got a few friends
who live there because most of my
friends live in the town next to me but
it's actually really hard to get down
there it takes like an hour and a half
to walk and life I just don't feel like
doing that every day because I'm a bit
lazy which I'm sure we're ruler we will
committed that crime i guess and but
yeah so i might make a video i'm gonna
get that although like a lot of you
don't care suppose it's kind of a
memorable day for me because it's
finally being able to get out of this
village yes village i live in a terrible
terrors it's so boring there's not even
a shop where i love it sorry terrible
but yeah so i might make a video that
when i get it i think it'd be pretty
funny can't wait but yeah so I've been
also saving up for a new mic should make
my commentaries a lot more enjoyable
apparently is really good for live comes
which is what I want to get into because
I think it would be really enjoyable um
I can I thought so many ideas I could do
through live bombs but I don't do it if
you enjoy it but yeah I'm getting a blue
Yeti microphone which is like a hundred
money pound including the filter which
is a hell of a lot of money for a mic
but can make sure you've been
experienced a lot better than I'm
obviously willing to pay that so I do
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
if you're willing to help me like in a
favorite wouldn't go amiss if not thanks
for viewing I speak to you soon probably
tomorrow if not I'll speech you soon
anyway